docs: wrote Signal explanation in glossary (#103)
semaphore-protocol/website: versioned_docs/version-V3/glossary.md

For a complete list of ready-to-use files, see <http://www.trusted-setup-pse.org>.
To learn more, see the [trusted setup ceremony](https://storage.googleapis.com/trustedsetup-a86f4.appspot.com/semaphore/semaphore_top_index.html).

## Signals

> The term "signals" in semaphore refers to the values broadcast by the user when voting, confirming, and so on. On the other hand, "[signals](https://docs.circom.io/circom-language/signals/)" in Circom refer to data that contain elements within the field of Z/pZ. In Circom, "signals" can be either inputs or outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The term "signals" in Semaphore refers to the values the user broadcasts when voting, confirming, sending a message, and so on. On the other hand, "[signals](https://docs.circom.io/circom-language/signals/)" in Circom refers to data that contain elements within the field of Z/pZ. In Circom, "signals" can be defined as input or output, and are considered intermediate signals otherwise.
```

> The term "signals" in Semaphore refers to the values the user broadcasts when voting, confirming, sending a message and so on. On the other hand, "[signals](https://docs.circom.io/circom-language/signals/)" in Circom refers to data that contain elements within the field of Z/pZ. In Circom, "signals" can be defined as input or outputs, and are considered intermediate signals otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The term "signals" in Semaphore refers to the values the user broadcasts when voting, confirming, sending a message and so on. On the other hand, "[signals](https://docs.circom.io/circom-language/signals/)" in Circom refers to data that contain elements within the field of Z/pZ. In Circom, "signals" can be defined as input or output, and are considered intermediate signals otherwise.
```
